Clearer documentation (#11)
rcgsheffield/vscoderemote_sheffield_hpc: README.md

# VSCode Remote HPC

> Following the instructions below you will initaite the code server on the cluster, then from your local machine call a script which will start a batch job on the cluster and connect your local machine to it. This will enable you to access the initated Microsoft VSCode session on the cluster through a local browser. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of this repository and the two start_vscode.sh scripts is to enable you to run VSCode Remote safely on a worker node using the Sheffield University HPC clusters.

Following the instructions below, you will run some VScode Remote setup tasks on the cluster/s, then from your **local** machine you run the script/s to start a VSCode Remote server within a batch job and connect your local machine to it.

This access the initiated Microsoft VSCode session on the cluster is made through your local machine's web browser. 
```

https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-set-up-ssh-keys-on-ubuntu-22-04

> Currently the script should run on Linux (tested on Ubuntu), Mac OS X (untested) and Windows (using [WSL/WSL2](#wsl-requirements)  which has been tested with Ubuntu or git bash which is untested). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently the scripts should run on Linux (tested on Ubuntu), Mac OS X (untested) and Windows (using [WSL/WSL2](#wsl-requirements) tested with Ubuntu or git bash (untested). 
```

Author: Thank you James. Reads nicely
